added example of plotting positions on blank maps (#5077)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5077.doc.rst

> Added an example `plotting_blank_map.py` on how to plot on a blank map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a gallery example  (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_plotting_blank_map.py`) on how to create a blank map and mark locations.
```
